Jessica took a deep breath, letting the warm smell of horses fill her 
nose as she walked into the stable. Every summer, Jessica spent two 
weeks at Green Meadow Farms horseback riding camp. Rose, her 
camp counselor, led Jessica through the aisle of snorting horses, 
with Jessica looking out for Piper, her favorite horse. Last year, 
Jessica and Piper had spent days riding the trails. At the end of 
camp rodeo, they finished second in the obstacle course race. Jessica
loved everything about Piper, from her speckled gray hair to the 
way Pipers soft nose tickled her hand whenever Jessica fed her 
apples.
I cant wait to ride Piper, Jessica told Rose.
Rose smiled. I know you love Piper, but we need to save her for 
some of our newer riders this year. 
Jessica tried not to let the disappointment show on her face, but she 
felt crushed. Piper was one of the best behaved horses, so it made
sense that she would be used by the younger 
riders. Still, Jessica would miss her favorite 
horse.
nostrils fidgeted apprehension
How about you try riding Harley. Rose said.
Jessica was a little startled by the giant, male horse 
in a nearby stall that Rose pointed to. 
Even though Harley was beautiful with 
his shiny chestnut hair and his thick 
black mane, he looked restless. He had 
flared nostrils and wild eyes, and he 
was taller than the other horses.
Rose could sense Jessicas apprehension. Dont worry. He just 
needs an experienced rider to help train him.
Jessica tried to stay optimistic, hoping that Harley would turn out to 
be easier to ride than he looked. She cautiously approached him, 
but the horse moved away from her. He was just so big, thought 
Jessica. As Jessica put Harleys saddle on his back, the horse 
fidgeted and brayed, making Jessica even more nervous and 
causing her to fumble with the buckles. 
Jessica glanced at a group of new riders gathering around Pipers 
stall. They patted her neck and in return, Piper nuzzled her pink nose 
on their heads. Jessica tried not to feel jealous as she adjusted the 
saddle on Harleys back.
An annoyed Jessica led a reluctant Harley outside. She climbed on 
top of him and headed to the obstacle course. However, when they 
reached the log fence, Harley planted his hooves in the dirt, refusing 
to take another step.